 Wesley S Wesley S
This is the place you've been looking for!
The first time I visited CNF was in January. I had spent the better part of a month looking for a place where I could feel comfortable interacting with elephants, with their own comfort and health and happiness assured. As soon as I got here, it felt right. The drive out was beautiful (but the road is snakes around quite a bit!), the valley was green and the river was just the right temperature, and that was all lovely and everything, but it was the passion and sincerity of the CNF team and the obvious contentment of the elephants that really sold me.

Not only that, but they've done some outstanding work with their reforestation project. The eco-tour guide was friendly and informative, more than happy to answer all our questions after giving us a brief rundown of the project site. There's a definite sense of satisfaction when we planted trees at the end of the day, knowing that we can give a little back to the land we've taken so much from.

CNF is quite different from other places where tourists can see elephants: they let their elephants roam where they want, eat when they want, and basically do their own thing. They stress that the elephants aren't here for us; we're here for them. It's that perspective that really makes a difference between here and the many other places with elephants that I researched. It felt like the elephants had invited us into their natural habitat rather than the other way around.

And to top it all off, they have the best food and the best passionfruit gin & tonics in northern Thailand! Since my first visit, I've been back every time I'm in the area. Their new elephant Mae Kamee is simply lovely - sweet, calm, but with a certain spirit to her. Her personality really comes out when she's splashing around in the river. I can't recommend this place enough. They're doing amazing work, and they're doing it right. If you've been on the fence about elephant tourism but still want to interact with these astounding creatures, this is the spot for you.
2017-08-06
Solo
