Zachary P Zachary P
An important project with inspiring people
After researching elephant centers and speaking with friends and travelers that have visited similar locations throughout Thailand, I decided to take a bus north from Chiang Mai to visit the hippie town of Pai for one reason: a trip to Conserve Natural Forests.

We were greeted by Miguel and Hippo, who explained the conservation to the group. They have spent years working on their projects, ranging from restoring biodiversity in the area to growing the populations of endangered animals. It was clear their team is passionate about wildlife, ecosystems, and making the world a better place. After a few safety tips and jokes, we were on our way to find the elephants.

We trekked with one of the mahouts - the "security guards" and "elephant whisperers" - for about five minutes through a beautiful stream and nature where we arrived at what appeared to be the corner of their property; just a few feet in front of me was the mother and daughter elephant grazing. Conserve Natural Forests was able to rescue these two beautiful mammals from a life of riding; the two were in paradise, 24/7 protection and visitors that had no intentions of harming them. They were free.

It was surreal to see a mother and her daughter, both pregnant, and both with a team constantly providing anything they could possibly desire: endless pumpkins, baths, and love. Each member of the group was able to feed them here and take countless photos with the two beauties.

We all walked together with the elephants back to the main spot, where we were able to feed and bath them. The experience was intimate and seemed to be the closest I could ever get to seeing elephants in the wild. For only 50 baht per meal, everyone was able to dine on delicious fresh food prepared by Hippo and her team. I have NEVER had Pad Thai that tasted this good.. I had to have a second plate :)

The experience was one I will never forget, and hope to return to Pai to visit the elephants with their new babies when they arrive. The travelers that recommended Conserve Natural Forests were not wrong; the world needs more people like Miguel and his team.
2017-02-09
Friends
