toby s toby s
A truly wonderful experience
If you are visiting Thailand,,elephants (of course) are probably on your list,,,be for you go ANYWHERE else,,,save your elephant experience until you get to Pai. In a wonderful,,natural setting,,,Miguel and his workers offer you a chance to see and get up close to these beautiful elephants in their natural unspoilt habitat. Gone are the days of climbing on the backs of these stunning animals,,no chains,,no chairs. I have visited twice now,,,as you walk down to the river,,the loud bellowing trumpet can be heard,,,Miguel has 2 elephants,,both pregnant and rescued from a working enviroment,,, the elephants are in wonderful condition. The pair were bathing in the river,,,shoes off,,,straight in the river to get up close and personal with these stunning creatures,,,much splashing of water,,,commenced!!! The mahoots are such nice gentle fellows,,full of laughs and giggles... a small bamboo bar serves cold beer,,gin and tonics at cheap prices. Miguel is a genuinely interesting and lovely guy..full of information about the elephants and the conservation of these animals and the forest they live in..,, with long term plans to re plant trees to replenish the forest of surrounding areas,,this guy IS giving something back. After a few beers and good conversation, the elephants made their way towards us,,where bananas, corn etc were plentiful to be fed to the elephants...a truly magical experience. This is not a tourist attraction,,,it is a genunine working conserve. A relaxed atmosphere in a beautiful setting with lovely friendly people. No fees but a donation of money is required, the final activity was to plant a tree. Such a lovely afternoon,, I cannot recommend this enough. Please visit here rather than the elephant camps,,you come away feeling amazing. I have in the past gone to other elephant camps,,done the riding etc and came away feeling guilty and disgusted at the way the elephants are kept and used for our 'pleasure', this is not the case here. A totally different experience. This is one place I will visit over and over, happy just to sit and watch.
2016-10-07
Family
