 LGC14 LGC14
Incredible place, beautiful elephants and inspiring people doing great things!
If you only do one thing in Pai, go to visit the beautiful elephants and inspiring team at the Conserve Natural Forests site.

My brother met Miguel on his first trip to Pai a couple of years ago and told me about this inspiring guy with a vision to repair some of the damage done by deforestation and farming of crops with harmful pesticides in the area by planting trees. He then went back again earlier this year and and saw how far the team had already come in those couple of years, saving mother and daughter elephants, both pregnant, from a life otherwise destined for tourist rides, and planting trees in the thousands now.
After a change of travel plans I decided to come here and see what he was talking about, and as promised I had an incredible day with the team, eating Hippo's (the fab chef!) amazing food, finding out more about the environmental issues from Miguel, Stephan, Julie and Margo and feeding and bathing these 2 incredibly beautiful and insanely pregnant elephants!
I told everyone I met in Pai they had to go there and went back twice more over the 2 weeks I stayed in Pai because I couldn't get enough of the elephants in this stunning natural environment and wanted to help the cause as much as I could.

There is a minimum donation of 500baht (which compared to other organised tourist elephant days is peanuts and not even comparable in terms of the experience) but if you can donate more this really is a worthy cause!
This covers food at the site and a ride in a truck to and from Om Garden (if you don't have a scooter, though the ride is stunning if you can do it), as well as spending as long as you want there feeding, bathing and chilling with the elephants.
You can also buy beers or G&Ts there for super cheap (and they're yummy!)

On my last visit there everyone planted at least 2 trees so you're also contributing to what will in five, ten, twenty years be an incredibly diverse forest and wildlife haven with hopefully lots more elephants roaming free and happy!
I hope I can come back soon to see the progress and the babies!!
2016-10-04
Solo
