David W David W
A truly authentic conservation experience
I've been to a lot of different 'elephant camps' but my visit to Conserve Natural Forrests was fortunately totally different in a wonderful way.
Rather than riding elephants and having them put on a show for you, so you can take selfies for social media, Conserve Natural Forrests is dedicated to rehabilitating elephants, forrest regeneration and recreating the environment that elephants (and all animals) thrive in.
This is an opportunity to learn about conservation with a hands on experience, to contribute to a team with a vision that puts elephants and the environment first and our needs second.
To this point the elephant does what it wants, it doesn't perform for you, there are no rides, there is only the opportunity to observe a magnificent creature in it's natural state. We must respect it, we must allow it to roam, eat, swim, relax and do as it pleases.
The people who run this amazing organisation, headed by the outrageously funny Migel, demonstrate every day that they are serious about rehabilitation of animals and the forrest. It shows in everything they do.
We had a quick discussion about trees and why planting them makes so much difference to the eco system we are rejuvenating. Also the science of elephant poop and its phenomenal effect on plant growth.
Then we got to pick out plants, dig a hole, name ours and cement or contribution in the ground forever.
People talk about conservation but who is willing to support it? Who is willing to put thier money where thier mouth is? Who is willing to contribute their time and to put the needs of the animals before our own desire for entertainment or photo ops.
Lunch and drinks were available which were both cheap and delicious. The atmosphere is very relaxed and there's a placed you can sit and chill while you take it all in. You should allow as much time as you can to visit as you wont want to leave. It's only open for a few hours a day to allow the elephant to spend most of her time in her natural environment and away from humans.
Its possible to arrange a pick up from Pai if you don't have your own transport. If you have a scooter its pretty easy to find (quite a nice ride).
Once you have visited Conserve Natural Forrests once, you can go back any time for free. They encourage you to come back, plant more trees and reconnect with nature and recommit to changing the future one elephant at a time.

Read more
2019-05-03
Friends
