Lydia Lydia
Amazing volunteer experience
I was surprised by how quickly I felt at home in Sadhana Forest. The days are well-organized, and the communication is quite good. It’s better to arrive during daytime hours, when someone will be around to properly orient you, but it’s the sort of place where you could come in anytime and quickly feel welcome. Regardless of your reason for visiting, I’d recommend staying at least 2 weeks in order to get a good sense of how things work, and establish stronger relationships with people here. I’ve been here a month now, and even that feels quite short!
Depending on your background, some aspects of life here might feel challenging or uncomfortable at first, like using compost toilets, taking bucket showers, and doing laundry by hand. If you are expecting extremely basic or dirty living conditions, however, you might be pleasantly surprised. There’s a very regular cleaning schedule, handwash stations everywhere, and even WiFi in the main hut. (Segregated to one area, so if you’d prefer to take a break from technology, you have that option as well). Another big bonus is the food, which is abundant, fresh, and delicious. It’s a vegan community, so expect a lot of fresh fruit, rice, dals, and many creative vegetable dishes. Lots of bananas, too - if you are hungry in between meals, there’s a banana cupboard in the kitchen you can take from at any time.
The best way to understand the community here is by experience. Sadhana is a very love-filled, compassion-driven space. It’s a place to feel free in your thoughts and actions, and able to grow at your own pace, in your own time. Sadhana is a drug and alcohol-free space, which makes it an extremely positive environment for anyone looking to try out a substance-free lifestyle.
As a fairly introverted person, I was concerned that living in such an intense community would challenge my need for alone time. However, I’ve found there’s many opportunities for quiet space throughout the day, and many places within the forest itself to take a break from group activities. When I’m not playing music or chatting with other people, I’ll often go for a swim in the mud pool, take a bird-watching walk in the forest, or take a short bicycle ride into Auroville.
Sadhana Forest is an excellent place for anyone to volunteer, whether you are new to India, looking to experience a sustainable lifestyle, or interested in exploring the values of the organization.

Read less
2020-01-17
Solo
