Guide38028828059 Guide38028828059
Planting trees in vegan community. Highly recommend :)
I stayed in Sadhana Forrest for 3 weeks in february 2024. It is a peaceful, friendly and healthy place. It was a marvelous experience and I would highly recommend this to anyone!

Forest.

You will have the experience of staying inside the jungle. It is wonderful to be waken up by the birds singing. Staying inside the forrest maked me calmer and more connected to myself. You can also contribute your work and go planting or watering the trees on the morning.

Connecting with people and community leaving.

During my stay in Sadhana I met many people from around the world. We spend a lot of time working together, eating together and having great conversations. Sharing joy and difficulties together was a great pleasure. I hope friendships i made in Sadhana will last for a long time.Quite often people were making workshops on different topics so it was never boring. I enjoyed this community life much more than isolated life the western culture!

Veganism and healthy lifestyle.

The food in Sadhana is 100% vegan. Very fresh and unprocessed. The meals are delicious and give you power for work. After couple of days I started to enjoy not drinking coffee, cause feel more healthy and balanced. Suprisingly I even found it good to wake up early cause you can observe beatiful light after the dawn and the day was so long. During the day it was rather busy so I was not using my phone that much, which makes me more calm and mindful.

Trying yourself in different tasks.

During my stay in Sadhana I was watering small trees in the forest, cooking meals for community, preparing the fire wood, cleaning after meals, serving people food, helping at the cow sanctuary, serving at the tea hut and not to forget cleaning the toilets. Was wonderful to try myslef in different tasks, to work manually and to see results of my work.

I had really good time in Sadhana Forrest. Before I come i was bit tired of travelling and my stay in Sadhana helped my to get grounded and a little bit feel like at home. Hope I will come back one day!

Read less
2024-02-26
Solo
