Shital Rasal Shital Rasal
Our Transformation in Sadhana Forest
We started unschooling our son Neel 2 years back in 2017, and in 2019 we have decided to travel with him. It is a sort of learning while travelling. The first name that came in our mind is the name of Sadhana Forest- a community in 70 acres of jungle - wow sounds interesting. Actually we have heard about sadhana forest from one of our family friends who stayed in Sadhana forest for 5 years.

We reached Sadhana forest in July 2019. We reached in the evening during dinner time and were welcomed by nearly 50 volunteers from different parts of the world. Let me tell u genuinely, the first day was a bit difficult. We have never been to community places like these and hence not used to staying with so many unknown people from different backgrounds, different cultures, and different languages. Also, life in the jungle is not easy, especially for us who are living in a Metro city like Mumbai.

Lots of initial discomforts - less electricity, hot weather, etc. Me and my son wanted to run away from this place immediately and we had decided to leave this place the next day.

Yorit comes to our rescue. Yorit is Aviram's wife (Aviram is the founder of Sadhana forest). She had a nice and fruitful discussion with us and suggested us to spend at least a week here so as to get the feel of this place. She suggested we accept these initial discomforts as a challenge and try to overcome them. Discussion with Yorit gave us courage and we decided to be here for one week.

Once we have took the decision to stay here for one week, we observed that slowly, slowly, all these initial discomforts vanished, and from the 4th day onward, we all have started liking this place and we have extended our stay by one week more. Today it's more than one month and we are still in Sadhana forest.

What should I say about sadhana forest ? It's a heaven on earth. Nature at its best. It's a home away from home with a very loving and compassionate family. I feel blessed to be a part of this family.
The best part of my long stay here is knowing Aviram, Yorit, his wife, and two lovely daughters Osher and Shalev.

I was amazed to know that Aviram is from Isreal. He came to India, fell in love with India , decided to settle in India , and completely shifted to India. He has acquired 70 acres of barren land which was like desert and transformed this barren land in to a jungle. It is a very inspiring life journey of Aviram and his family.

Another best part is the way natural resources like water and electricity are used here. For me it's a life changing experience.

My nine year son Neel is in love with this place. I feel Sadhana forest is the best platform for a Natural learner like him. He is basically from a vernacular medium but during the last one month his english speaking has dramatically improved. Earlier he was a little bit shy of a person but now he is very confident and has mixed with people very easily.

I think sadhana forest is a must visit place for every one . Anyone visiting sadhana forest should know that this is not a Resort and should spend at least 2 weeks here .

Read less
2019-08-16
Family
