seuran g seuran g
A place to live with nature
I think the 10 days at Sadhana Forest were more like learning about the art of life than an ordinary experience. Nature is not a place to visit, It’s home. The article caught my eye. A place where people live as part of nature, it gave me a new sense of the fact that humans are a part of nature and are connected to nature, and it was a wonderful time where I could completely focus on the present moment.
I gained a lot of positive motivation while living in the forest in a community with various people from all over the world. We were able to volunteer together and learn a lot about various cultures. Selfless Service While doing Seba, I was able to notice myself changing every day, and I was able to feel more deeply that not only humans but all living beings have emotions and that each and every one of them is precious.

Here, we take direct action in our daily lives in a way that causes as little harm to nature as possible. Dry toilets that don't flush, amazing alternative ways to shower, wash your hands and wash dishes with ashes while saving water. Soap and shampoo are also used as ecologically biodegradable products. People with bright energy who try to live as human beings who are part of nature gather here.
After experiencing the vegan lifestyle for 10 days, I gained a new perspective and a lot of interest in what it means to be vegan and not getting anything from animals. I think I will miss the healthy diet of fruits and vegetables that I ate here.

In addition, any community member can create various workshops such as yoga, meditation, dance, and sound bath, and the space to share talents is open at any time.
As I slept in a cabin with no fans or lights, and used a bathroom with a view of the sky and stars, I gradually got used to the feelings that were unfamiliar and uncomfortable at first. The power to accept many things has increased.

Sanada Forest is a time of meditation where you can look at every moment with new eyes, and I think you can make positive changes to yourself and to many people just by coming here.

Read less


























Google
2024-03-19
Couples
