Peter A Peter A
Transformative, pioneering community project, with a little bit of everything
Sadhana forest is a vegan community based on a few very human principles. In my personal opinion, this is a great suggestion for how humans can live and thrive together.

In a humanity that's growing constantly, trying to expand, explore, function, improve, I felt the need to leave the everyday bustle of Copenhagen in Denmark to go try something different. I initially wanted to volunteer at this place because of the reforestation that they are doing, but when I got into the rhythm of this place, observed and partook, I started to realize how much more there was to do here; to learn here! This community is more than a reforestation project. This place is booning with humanity. Not the humanity I was used to from back home, where everyone always has a million things they need to do, and even more things that they want to do but can't because of all the stress they put themselves/are put under in modern society. This humanity was closer to what I consider the core of us.
Here, we practice gift-economy. Not just in the exchange of things do we want nothing in return, but also in exchange of favours, actions, a hand here or there. It's about being together about it, helping eachother out, not trying to earn your rent. We even have a free-store where we can drop off clothes we don't need and take whatever we do need, and a library where we can lend books free of charge.
We take care of eachother. When we get sick, we tend to eachother, bring food and spend time making sure nobody is ever lonely.
We eat together - all of us - and eat only vegan, for the sake of the animals, the planet and ourselves. We are also raw-diet friendly. The founder, who lives here with his family, eats a raw diet.

Promoting this compassionate way of thinking and being is being highlighted even more as a big part of my life while being here. Probably also due to the wonderful people who come here. That's what this place is, after all - a collective, family, tribe, whatever you wanna call it - and it is only because of us that it remains and still functions after 16 years.
If you also want to try another way of living, a way that focuses on giving, enjoying, helping eachother out, appreciating beauty in the human, nature, and the relationship between the two, come to sadhana forest and live with us!

Read less
2020-03-23
Solo
