Bianca V Bianca V
Reconnecting to the source
Mar 2020
Sadhana forest is a special place who drawn me here without me looking for it.
I had the intention of keeping on living sustainable, in harmony with nature and surrounded from people who shared the same values of life and that are willing to inspiring and supporting each other's.
Somehow I ended up on the sadhana forest website and something clicked inside me and I knew instantly I should have come here.

So here I am and since the first moment I totally felt home.
I love how we are able here to reconnect to the natural source in an authentic way.
For many people who might have lived all their lives in cities it might be a drastic change but also the only way to really understand how many conditioning we have and how much we think the only way of living is the one that we are used to be comfortable with.
The best way to "see" things differently is through direct experience. Nobody can make you understand what it means with words.
And just with simple buckets showers which is also super fun :) you can gain awareness through experience of how much water we truly waste without even realise it with a simple normal shower.

Here you can reconnect to nature and learn to give back to it and not just taking from her.
Honouring and respecting our earth through planting trees, conserving water and practicing awareness in what we consume and the waste with produce.
We take care of the land and their animals recreating the natural native forest of this region.

This project and community has an healing effect to people. The feeling of being able to express themselves freely and feel part of this whole family again.
Compassion, non competition, self less service and gift economy (working and giving without expecting nothing in return) are some of the core values that create this sense of wholeness with everyone in here. Every Wednesday night we have a non-talent show where everyone can share everything they feel like feeling the support needed.

Come and experience and then take what you feel to take with you and share with others.

All my gratitude cause this part of world gave me:
Another time in my life where I've been so lucky to find a place I can call home.
Another time in my life where I've found people I can share unconditional love and being inspired from.
Another time in my life where I could experience a glimpse of the feeling of being part of the whole again.

Read less
2020-03-09
None
