Lou N. Lou N.
Reconnect with your self and your environment
I heard about Sadhana Forest a while ago but I didn't really know what to expect and if I want to stay a month at one place. So I first came on the friday tour to have a look at it. The tour is offered by Sadhana Forest for free every friday. They pick you up and show you the whole place, explain you everything and are open for any questions. After this there is a eco - movie night followed by an amazing vegan dinner where you can connect with volunteers and get to know more about the personal experiences at Sadhana Forest. The tour really touched and inspired me so I had no doubts anymore and I decided at the same day: I definitely want to stay a month! I already felt that the place is spreading a really special energy, is following great values and offers you so much to learn. You experience that it is possible and even very enjoyable to live a zero waste live and not only this but even giving something back to the world by reforestation. Your personality can grow so much in this project not only by the sevas (selfless service instead of "work") but also by being part of this wonderful community. You live together with people from all over the world, everyone has a different background and different skills which are often shared with everyone interested by giving workshops.
So I came here to stay for 4 weeks and I love it. It is such a beautiful place with beautiful people. Everybody is taking care of each other you integrate very fast, learn so much from each other and about yourself and your doing something that is truly meaningful.
In Sadhana forest a giving economy is practiced which truly leads to happiness. Pure giving without expecting anything in return is wonderful, we do not need to fear that there will not be enough for ourselves or that we might lose anything by giving. There is enough for everyone and giving brings people together and creates happiness.

I am very grateful to be here and be a part of the project now. I already feel how grounding this experience is. The vegan food is kind of healing your body, gives you more energy and increases your health, the sevas and the life in the community gives you the opportunity to reconnect with your core values and live aligned with them.

If you want to get an impression of Sandhana Forest I can truly recommend you the Friday tour but everybody is welcome to visit at any time. There will always be a volunteer to show you around and you are always welcome to join for breakfast, lunch or dinner and you can even try out the sevas. I am sure you will not regret it and maybe you even feel attracted to this place and want to stay longer.

I am so grateful for this experience here realised by this amazing project and the wonderful people who support it. <3

Read less
2020-02-24
Couples
