Sukhi
Love kindness compassion hope
Sadhana forest- I dont think I've found right words as of yet to show my gratitude for everything I've experienced here. Came here not knowing what I was looking for or what exactly I was getting myself into. I've found more about myself in last few months that I've spent here than entire rest of my life. Truly life changing journey full of learning and growing and meeting so many amazing people, hearing their stories, receiving so much love. When people are loved for who they are, they heal. That's exactly how I feel. Sadhana forest will be my home forever no matter where I go.
I've learnt the true meaning of compassion here. I realised being compassionate to my friends, family or people around me is not what compassion is while I pay money for animals to be butchered just so I can eat meat. I've spent all my life chasing the kind of happiness that fills my heart, finally I've felt that hole being filled by people's kindness towards each others, animals, environment. Sadhana forest for me is like opening a door to unknown and then finally realizing that should have opened this door long long time ago. Now, I know giving selflessly is what true happiness is. It brings you so much joy and satisfaction. I've made friends and family for life here in such short time.
I've been here for almost 5 months now and have taken part in almost everything that's done here and it can only be described as amazing learning and growing experience. It can be challenging living with volunteers coming and going all the time but I've met so many kind, caring, loving, compassionate people here that it's my big crazy family now and I've learnt to accept every one for who they are and love and respect towards everything we do here.
I believe if we can learn to be compassionate towards all beings and start putting same value to all living beings, we will automatically learn to be compassionate to each other as humans and we can stop all this unnecessary suffering of people, animals and the planet. We work so much better together than against each other. We can make a massive difference if we start putting compassion into everything we do.

Read less
2020-02-20
Solo
