Priya Priya
Sadhana forest
It is my first time in Sadhana Forest near Pondicherry.
I was informed about the place and the community life by a friend.
My daughter first visited this place 2 years ago.
She was a changed person when she came back .
She began to live a simple life , appreciated all the privileges in life And was greatfull and thankfull.
I was inquisitive to visit this place.
I managed to take time off and with lot of Apprehensions visited this place.
I felt odd the first day, surrounded by friendly strangers, I ate a simple vegan dinner and went to bed in a hut with no electricity and used a toilet with no taps or flush.
It was not so difficult the following days to enjoy sevas such planting trees, lunch preparation, firewood cutting , goshala cleaning, zero waste management .....
The community is not just friendly but was inspiring to see people of all ages participating in work without any expectations. It is true Karma Yoga.
Life after seva is simple, reminding us how privileged and blessed we are, in this planet of abundance.
Everyday activities such as bathing, laundry and cooking are kept very basic to remind us that we need to respect the resources of this planet and preserve it .
It feels great to live in close connection with nature with cows,dogs, cats, peacocks, squirrels,frogs birds,bees and butterflies.
The core values of sadhana Forest are compassion for animals, unschooling and respecting this planet and its resources.
They believe in gift based economy.
There is fun too - with non-talent shows, informative movie nights, informal bon fires , a relaxing mud pool, yoga and a meditation hall.
You can meet local people from close by villages on potluck evenings on Saturdays.
I recommend this place for anyone who needs to meditate,introspect and rediscover oneself.
Also if you miss your grandfathers farm life and want to remind yourself of what this planet used to be not so long ago, do come here.
There is still time to save the planet and save all life !

Read less
2020-01-30
Solo
