Piyush B Piyush B
Sadhana forest: Heaven on Earth
I recently volunteered at Sadhana forest and without a doubt I can say that this place influences your life in many small ways.
This place helped me to change the way I look at things and to become a more responsible human towards the mother Earth. It made me aware of many small actions and how they can create an impact towards a better living.
Apart from all these things, Sadhana is place to have fun and interact with people of various nationalities. Just by listening to people's story you get to know about the things that you wouldn't have ever thought you'll learn.
There are various fun nights as well, so there's Non-Talent show where many people perform or make the audience perform and it's just too much fun to be a part of such activity and then every Friday they host eco film night.
There's not a single moment where you'll feel bored or left out. Everybody at Sadhana is very welcoming and considerate and they make sure you're having fun in the community.
And not just fun but this place also heals you mentally and makes you a strong being. Every Wednesday they have sharing circle where you can share about anything and everything and there's no judgement,no feedback and no opinions, just pure non-judgemental sharing to let anything that's struck inside you to come out.
And the best part according to me at Sadhana forest is the mudpool. Swimming in the swimming pool is too mainstream and nothing mainstream happens at Sadhana, So they've a mudpool and the mud is really good for your hair and skin. There were days where I would apply mud on my face and hair and just relax and have a sunbath.
This place is not just for volunteers but for everybody, even if you're around pondi or auroville, you can just pay a visit and have a meal over there. And trust me, food here is really really good and healthy.
I'll highly recommend everyone to visit sadhana atleast once to try this alternative and lovely form of living and you'll see a change in yourself.

Read less
2020-01-30
Solo
